Chi, wait for me
Let me explain.
I was scared to say anything
I didn't really want Guerlain to die
Know what kind of person I am
Mr. Lu heard that your wife
She was kidnapped at the same time as a young lady named Xia Yan
You chose to save Xia Yan
Is this true?
Excuse me, Mr. Lu, is this photo real?
Mr. Lu, why didn't you save your wife?
Did you cheat on Xia Yan?
Are you that Miss Xia?
Can you tell me what happened at that time?
Are you a mistress?
Are you aware of this behavior?
Is destroying other people's families
Your walnuts don't have many problems.
Hello Mr. Lu, I ask you to answer Mr. Lu
The behavior of Lu Jinchi, president of Lu Group
Has seriously challenged the public's moral bottom line
After the incident broke out
The shares of Lu Group fell sharply
But so far
Lu Group Official Lu Caizi
The results of your stress report are out
Don't call me Mrs. Lu
I have divorced Lu Qiaji
Sorry, Miss Zhang.
Hey, kid, you're alright, don't worry.
Others have children
Doctors who have miscarried should report for protection
The adult situation is not urgent at all, and he wants to keep it big.
Pardon me?
Save my child
Gotta keep him
But
If my child dies
I don't want to live anymore.
Ok let's try our best
Must never give up
There must be hope by your side
Come on.
Don't tell anyone about my pregnancy
in particular
Is the way
Are you sure you want to hide your pregnancy?
Can't tell him.
Please save my life